Further changes to AAP on GCP doc (#28)
ansible/aap-docs: stories/assembly-aap-gcp-automation-workloads.adoc

= Automation workloads

{AAPonGCP} is designed to automate the number of managed nodes included with the offer identified at purchase time. 
This is typically 100 nodes. 

> Consult your GCP offer used when deploying {AAPonGCP}. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to your GCP offer used when deploying {AAPonGCP}. 
```
